From looking at algerian web developers, i noticed that they lack the design aspect, completely. Also they always tend to have an agency that is most likely run by them only (one person agency). I should think if i can use the same method or i should work as a person directly, maybe do a survey to find out. ^ee0cb3

---
Just a thought: make the websites a monthly subscription instead of a one time payment, or instead find a way to keep the customer hooked and make him pay you for other services or features

---
I must study the market pricing (what the opponents are charging for the same service) ^8c49c6

---
We could make multiple revenue sources, like a monthly service to actual customers 

---
We learned from key partners in [[Business Model Generation#^8ac589]] that *maybe* [Hostinger]([Hostinger - Bring Your Idea Online With a Website](https://www.hostinger.com/)) is considered a partner, so maybe we can find if they offer a deal for developers like me, or an affiliate thing! ^54fa86

**Update:** we did and we found a referral program that gives us 20% of what the customer payed

---
Do we have to give the client access to his website?
If it is an ecommerce website, we obviously should, ==but should be give him global access or only as a shop owner?==

--- 
==I think we should niche down for starters==, we should find a field that's thriving and in need for websites and work on some examples to showcase them, then start pitching, i need liquidity to pay for bricks, and a new laptop, new phone. then i expand. for example lawyers, travel agencies, immobilier....

---
Kiddy park is a good business that doesn't have a website, we can inspire from websites like aquapark bourj el kiffan, and hanibal, cartage land...
There's a lot of pictures that we can use from their maps, they have a logo
The only problem is how to reach the Decision Makers "DM".
==NVM they have a website that's down==

---
Scrapping Google maps is a smart move to gain time

---
We can call businesses in usa with a us number by using a service that provides a us phone number, like this guy is doing: [(61) How i book 3-5 meetings a day (web design cold calling) - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmp4iFCf8Jo&list=WL&index=8&t=183s)

---
One day I thought about dentists, if they get a certain number of regular clients, they wont be able to have more, because their job demands time with one client at a time, if they are booked for the day, they cant treat more even if they want, the only way for them to scale their business is to hire more dentists, either by adding a place for them (which is less likely due to the size of the workplace) or by doing shifts. So their business is most likely ==unscallable==.
if we try to sell a website to a dentist that can't scale, he wont be interested because he knows he wont be able to satisfy the demand generated by the website.

---
We gotta find scalable businesses, that will need a website and are not greedy
==UPDATE: I found consulting businesses, their are scalable, they need websites, not greedy (they make a lot of money I guess), and the most important; you can talk to the owner directly by calling them (not like other businesses where you will be talking to staff)==

---
