*Some people think that the teenage years are the happiest time of most people’s lives. Others think that adult life brings more happiness, in spite of greater responsibility. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.*

There has always been a debate between people about which phase the person is happier, his teenage phase or his adulthood. While experiences may differ from a person to person, this essay agrees that adult years are more joyfull than teenage years.

A large portion of people genuinly believe that they are happier than they were in their teenage years, they enjoy their time more than they did in the past inspite of the hardships of the adult life. Being a grown up allows you to have more control over your life, you get to do your own choices and make your own decisions. Furthermore, if you do certain things correctly, you will eventually have the means that allow you to do the things that you love, and allow you to take care of your loved ones. For example, raising a family could bring a lot of happiness to your life, it is undoubtful that most parents love their offspring and are happy to watch them grow and succeed.

However, many say that teenage years are incomparable to the following years. They might say this because of the lack of responsibilities that they may have now as adults, or because they no longer have time to do what they love. I believe that these are unevitable consequences of growing up and I think that and we should adapt to this reality rather than complain because as mentionned earlier, when you are an adult, you are in control. Being a teenager makes the person under control of his parents, and since he can't have a job, he wouldn't be financially sufficient and thus he would be unable to practice his passions effectively. For example, in my teenage years I wansn't allowed to travel alone because I wasn't mature enough, and even when I was allowe

In conclusion, the happiest period of a person's lifetime is a common debate amongst people, I believe that adulthood is better than the teenage period mainly because of the freedom and control that you have over your life, in contrast with being a teenager.